README.md, before:

# Google Lighthouse SEO-Helper

## Requirements
- NodeJS >= 8.0
- NPM 6.0 or later
- Python 3.7 or later
- Google Lighthouse package for NPM (will be installed by programm if neccessary)

## What does it do?

This script is for creating Google Lighthouse reports of a list of links. It wont improve the performance of the pages at all.
It uses shell commands to tell Google lighthouse what to do and then saves the files named after the URL.

## What is Google Lighthouse?
It's a handy tool provided by Google to analyse the performance and resources of a Website. It's 100% free and also available as Chrome extension (but not automated)

## What options do i get?
You can change nearly every option Google Lighthouse has to offer. (If you know python you can change pretty much everything)
some examples of the options:
- Emulation of mobile devices
- Emulation of throttled speed
- Build custom configs for Google Lighthouse
- and more...

### Can i change the script?
Yes, you can even send me the customized script afterwards and i'll maybe use some of the improved features!

Commit message:

Updated once again
Added installation guide

README.md, after:

# Google Lighthouse SEO-Helper

## Requirements
- NodeJS >= 8.0
- NPM 6.0 or later
- Python 3.7 or later
- Google Lighthouse package for NPM (will be installed by programm if neccessary)

## Instalation guide
After you have installed all of the Requirements there is no further installation needed! Just clone the repository and start "Google Lighthouse Helper" if something is missing the programm will tell you.

## What does it do?

This script is for creating Google Lighthouse reports of a list of links. It wont improve the performance of the pages at all.
It uses shell commands to tell Google lighthouse what to do and then saves the files named after the URL.

## What is Google Lighthouse?
It's a handy tool provided by Google to analyse the performance and resources of a Website. It's 100% free and also available as Chrome extension (but not automated)

## What options do i get?
You can change nearly every option Google Lighthouse has to offer. (If you know python you can change pretty much everything)
some examples of the options:
- Emulation of mobile devices
- Emulation of throttled speed
- Build custom configs for Google Lighthouse
- and more...

### Can i change the script?
Yes, you can even send me the customized script afterwards and i'll maybe use some of the improved features!
